------------------------------------------------------------------------------
ATLAS LaTeX class, style files and templates to typeset notes and papers
See ChangeLog or SVN log for history of changes.

Responsible: Ian Brock (Ian.Brock@cern.ch)
------------------------------------------------------------------------------

The following template main files exist:
	atlas-document.tex		Generic ATLAS document
	atlas-draft-cover.tex	Make a cover for an ATLAS draft
	atlas-preprint-cover.tex	Make a cover for an ATLAS CERN preprint
	atlas-auxmat.tex		A front page for auxiliary material
See template/README for how to set up a new paper or note draft.

The ATLAS document class (atlasdoc.cls) and style files can be found in 
the latex directory. The following style files exist:
	atlascover.sty			Make a cover (CONF note, CERN preprint, ATLAS draft)
	atlascontribute.sty		List of contributors (and authors) for a document
	atlaspackage.sty		Standard packages used in ATLAS documents
	atlasphysics.sty		Useful definitions. This file simply inputs others.
							Options can be used to specify which ones should be included.

Documentation can be found in the doc directory.
	atlas-paper.pdf			Guide to the content and style of ATLAS papers
	atlas-latex.pdf			Guide to the use of the ATLAS document templates and styles
	atlas-bibtex.pdf		Short guide to BibTeX in ATLAS
	atlas-physics.pdf		Symbols defined in atlasphysics.sty
	atlas-rounding.pdf		Guidelines for rounding

More detailed information about the package can be found under:
https://twiki.cern.ch/twiki/bin/view/AtlasProtected/PubComTemplates

The general idea is that you create a separate directory tree for each document that
you want to produce which contains the contents of this package.
It is assumed that all style files are in a directory latex, which is a subdirectory of 
the one in which the main document sits. The latex subdirectory can of course be a link
to a central style directory.

A users guide to the templates can be found in atlas-latex.pdf. You can produce
yourself this document (and thus test that your LaTeX setup is working)
by giving the commands:
  cd doc/atlas-latex
  make
or
  cd doc/atlas-latex
  pdflatex atlas-latex
  biber    atlas-latex
  pdflatex atlas-latex
  pdflatex atlas-latex

Two other make targets are:
  make clean				Cleans up intermediate files
  make cleanall				Also cleans up output pdf file
